feat: Rework Browser JS integration docs (#7648)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/guides/electron/configuration/integrations/mainprocesssession.mdx

---
title: MainProcessSession
excerpt: ""
description: "Captures sessions linked to the lifetime of the Electron main process. (default)"
sidebar_order: 10
---

> Captures sessions linked to the lifetime of the Electron main process. These sessions result in [release health](/product/releases/health/) statistics being displayed in Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Captures sessions linked to the lifetime of the Electron main process. Capturing sessions makes it possible to show [release health](/product/releases/health/) statistics in Sentry.
```
